chore(infr): introduce openai API difference (#3627)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/openai-compatibility.mdx

  -H "Authorization: Bearer $SCW_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json"
```
## Differences

### Token usage stats

OpenAI API doesn't return usage stats (number of tokens in prompt and completion) for streaming responses.

Scaleway Managed Inference endpoints return usage stats for both streaming and non-streaming responses. 

> For streaming responses, the usage field is incremented in each chunk and complete in the very last chunk on the response. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For streaming responses, the usage field is incremented in each chunk, and completed in the very last chunk of the response. For example:
```
